2021.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 26)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.1.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 25)
 * No changes

2021.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 25)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.3:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 24)
 * General: GUI typo corrected
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.2.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 23)
 * No changes

2020.2.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 23)
 * No changes

2020.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 23)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 22)
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 22)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 21)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 21)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 21)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 20)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 20)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 20)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 20)
 * General: remove support for versal
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 19)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 19)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 18)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 17)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 16)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 15)
 * Bug Fix: Updated SYNCHRONIZATION_STAGES default value from 2 to 3.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 14)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 13)
 * Update IP Integrator metadata on aclk port to imporve IP Integrator connection automation.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 12)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 11)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 10)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 9)
 * Added user parameters Sxx_ARB_PRIORITY to allow assignment of arbiter priority in first tier crossbar when advanced options are enabled.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 8)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 7)
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 6)
 * Update IP Integrator automation tcl to accommodate changes to find_bd_objs IP integrator command.  No functional changes.
 * The support status for Kintex UltraScale is changed from Pre-Production to Production.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 5)
 * Update IPI automation tcl to allow import of BD files containing AXI Interconnect.  No functional changes.
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Improved support for automatic register slice placement.

2014.2:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes to interconnect features; revision level changes of interconnect subcores.

2014.1:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Added support for automatic AXI MMU insertion to improve design correctness

2013.4:
 * Version 2.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support

2013.3:
 * Version 2.1
 * Added support for automatic register slice placement to improve timing.
 * Increased maximum number of master interfaces to 64 in some configurations.

2013.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Repackaged to enable internal version management, no functional changes.

2013.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

(c) Copyright 2012 - 2021 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
